{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Stefanos Georgiou\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\i On profession}: Passionated with coding, performing research studies, and learning new technologies. {\i On spare-time}: Enjoying Working out, sporting, and going crazy for travelling and eating.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2016-2019 (expected)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b PhD, Management Science and Technology}; Athens University of Economics and Business\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i Thesis title: Energy and Performance Implications for Software Development Practices}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i PhD advisor: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www2.dmst.aueb.gr/dds/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Prof. Diomidis Spinellis
}}}
}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2013-2015\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b MSc, Pervasive Computing and Communications for Sustainable Development (PERCCOM)}; Erasmus Mundus Joint Master Degree\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 ITMO University of Saint-Petersburg (Russia) {\i Thesis title: Implementating Green IT approach for tansferring Big Data over Parallel Data Links}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Lulea University of Technology (Sweden) {\i Semester 3: Resource Efficient Pervasive Computing Systems and Communications}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Lappeenranta University of Technology (Finland) {\i Semester 2: Smart Software and Services}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Unversity of Lorraine (France) {\i Semester 1: Sustainable Computer Network Engineering}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2013-2008\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b BSc, Networks and Systems Programming}; University of Cyprus\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i Thesis title:}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Teaching and tutoring:}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Assisting my PhD advisor at Programming II course (Winter Semester of 2017 and 2018). Main responsibilities are giving tutorial and Lab sessions, guiding students on team assignments and preparing presentations. Secondary, providing lectures and tutorial sessions for BootCamp (Oct. 2017 - May 2018)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Proposals writing:}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Assisting Singular Logic's European Project Department for writing proposals and participating in project's telco.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Technical Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Knowledge in\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\i Programming Languages:} Bash, Java, Python, C, and C++\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\i Tools and Practices:} GitHub and plugins (Travis CI, coveralls, maven-plugins)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Research Publications\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Conference Publications\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Stefanos Georgiou, Maria Kechagia Panos Louridas, and Diomidis Spinellis. What are your programming language\u8217's energy-delay implications? In 15th International Conference on Mining Software Repositories: Technical Track, MSR '18. New York, NY, USA, May 2018. Association for Computing Machinery. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "../publications/conferences/GKLS18.pdf"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Link
}}}
.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Stefanos Georgiou, Maria Kechagia, and Diomidis Spinellis. Analyzing programming languages' energy consumption: an empirical study. In PCI 2017: Proceedings of the 21st Pan-Hellenic Conference on Informatics, ACM International Conference Proceeding Series. ACM Press, September 2017. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "../publications/conferences/GKS17.pdf"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Link
}}}
\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Grands, Awards, Languages, and Living Abroad\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Grands and awards:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Marie Sk\u322?odowska-Curie funds, SENECA (2016-2019)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Erasmus Mundus Masters Scholarship, PERCCOM (2013-2015)\line \sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Human Languages:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Greek/Hungarian (Native speker)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab English (Fluet speaker)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Russian/ France (Basic knowledge)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Staying Abroad:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Borned in Gyula, Hungary but grown up in Nicosia, Cyprus.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Livied in Lorraine, France and eating baguette (Winter Semester of 2013)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Had many sauna sessions in Lappeenranta, Finland (Summer Semester of 2014)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab How to fish from ice-lake in Lulea, Sweden (Winter Semseter of 2014)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab How to drink a proper dose of vodka in Saint-Petersburg, Russia (Summer Semester of 2015)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Eating fetta and visting islands in Athens, Greece (Winter Semester of 2016 till now)\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:sgeorgiou@aueb.gr"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
sgeorgiou@aueb.gr
}}}
\line Troias 2, ground floor, Room 03 - Athens, Greece\par}
}
